---
title: 1857-02-02 Trustees Annual Report, 1831.026.037.002
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 1831.026.037.002
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p1_1831_026_037_002

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1762484">
<h3><a name="page-1762484">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p1_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Annual report of the Trustees<span class='line-break'> </span>of the Cemetery of Mount Auburn<span class='line-break'> </span>Feb. 2 1857</p>
<p>The Cemetery of Mount Auburn<span class='line-break'> </span>continues in a safe and improving condition,<span class='line-break'> </span>not less than it has done in all the previous<span class='line-break'> </span>years of its history. During the past season some<span class='line-break'> </span>new works of small magnitude have been under<span class='line-break'></span>-taken, and some larger ones previously begun, have<span class='line-break'> </span>been carried to completion.</p>
<p>The upper end of Garden Pond (crossed out "being")<span class='line-break'> </span>(crossed out "the last monument the gate along") a pool of stagnant<span class='line-break'> </span>muddy water, has been filled up to the height of about<span class='line-break'> </span>six feet above its former surface, with gravel taken<span class='line-break'> </span>from the hill through the centre, over which for economy<span class='line-break'> </span>of space an avenue will be laid out. The garden<span class='line-break'> </span>portion of the hill has been levelled, Garden <span class='line-break'> </span>avenue has been moved nearer to the fence,<span class='line-break'> </span>a part of the trees on its border have been transplanted<span class='line-break'> </span>to the south side, and the whole rearranged with <span class='line-break'> </span>[?] to their good appearance, and [?] for<span class='line-break'> </span>future granite. A hollow near Adder Path and one<span class='line-break'> </span>south westerly of the chapel, have also been filled<span class='line-break'> </span>up. By these measures collectively, about two areas<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762485">
<h3><a name="page-1762485">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p2_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>(crossed out "about") of valuable land (footnote 2) [have been redeemed], (footnote 1) [in<span class='line-break'> </span>the most eligible parts of the cemetery], at an <span class='line-break'> </span>expense many times less than their present value.</p>
<p>The old house occupied by the superintendent<span class='line-break'> </span>together with its outhouses, have been removed, and<span class='line-break'> </span>a new house for the superintendent has been built on<span class='line-break'> </span>land owned by the Corporation outside and easterly<span class='line-break'> </span>of the gate. This building (inserted above -) designed by Mr. H.W. [?] has been constructed in<span class='line-break'> </span>a substantial and durable manner, at an expense of<span class='line-break'> </span>about $ 4000.</p>
<p>The area in front of the Chapel has been <span class='line-break'> </span>enlarged by the purchase and removal of several<span class='line-break'> </span>lots which were formerly situated on the same space.<span class='line-break'> </span>It is (inserted above -) greatly considered important to the good appearance of the principal<span class='line-break'> </span>edifices, such as the tower, the chapel and the gate, <span class='line-break'> </span>that no inferior structures should be places so near<span class='line-break'> </span>them as to interfere with or impair their isolated effect.</p>
<p>The Chapel has been completed in a<span class='line-break'> </span>satisfactory manner both as to appearance and <span class='line-break'> </span>durability. Two of the pedestals and one of the <span class='line-break'> </span>statues destined for the interior, are already in their <span class='line-break'> </span>places. The three remaining statutes are understood<span class='line-break'> </span>to be in a state of forwarding, and may be<span class='line-break'> </span>expected (crossed out "their") to arrive here in from one to two <span class='line-break'> </span>years.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762486">
<h3><a name="page-1762486">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p3_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Due attention has been paid to<span class='line-break'> </span>repairing and improving the avenues and paths, (crossed out "and")<span class='line-break'> </span>and to extending the pavement or gutters when it was <span class='line-break'> </span>thought necessary. Some expnese have been incurred<span class='line-break'> </span>in repairing the damage done by the heavy rains of <span class='line-break'> </span>the last summer.</p>
<p>The thinning out and trimming of trees<span class='line-break'> </span>has been in gradual progress under the superintendence<span class='line-break'> </span>of Mr. Mann the present able and active superintendent<span class='line-break'> </span>with whose economy and skill as a landscape gardener<span class='line-break'> </span>the trustees have (crossed out "abundant") (inserted above -) great reason to be satisfied.</p>
<p>The names of (inserted above -) some of the persons interred in (crossed out "some of")<span class='line-break'> </span>(crossed out "the graves") in the public lots, having been lost through <span class='line-break'> </span>the inattention of (inserted above -) their relatives and friends, measures have<span class='line-break'> </span>been taken as far as possible to identify these persons<span class='line-break'> </span>(crossed out [?]) and in future to remedy such neglect by<span class='line-break'> </span>affixing to each grave a number on stone, with <span class='line-break'> </span>a corresponding number of references on the superintendents books.</p>
<p>An important vote has passed the<span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees providing that the land left vacant as<span class='line-break'> </span>intermediate space between lots, and not exceeding<span class='line-break'> </span>ten feet in width between any two lots, may be sold<span class='line-break'> </span>to the nearest lot holder or holders, at one third of<span class='line-break'> </span>the selling price per foot at the time of such sale.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762487">
<h3><a name="page-1762487">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p4_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>with the condition that the said land shall forever be<span class='line-break'> </span>kept open, and without interments. The advantage of<span class='line-break'> </span>this arrangement consists not only in the probable increase<span class='line-break'> </span>of the funds (inserted above -) of the Corporation from the expected sales, but also in the<span class='line-break'> </span>opportunity afforded to lot owners who may wish to avail<span class='line-break'> </span>themselves of it, to protect their lots (inserted above-) at a a small expense against the eventual<span class='line-break'> </span>occupation of their spaces for small lots or single interments,<span class='line-break'> </span>a thing which the experiences of older cemeteries has shown<span class='line-break'> </span>to be very likely to happen</p>
<p>The comparative smallness of this years<span class='line-break'> </span>balance of stocks cash + debts receivable, remaining in <span class='line-break'> </span>the Treasurers books, is not an index of the true pecuniary<span class='line-break'> </span>position of Mount Auburn. It will be seen that the<span class='line-break'> </span>purchase of the Stone Farm, the making of land within the<span class='line-break'> </span>cemetery, and the erection of the superintendents house,<span class='line-break'> </span>are not expenditures, but investments, a conversion <span class='line-break'> </span>of more precarious stocks into real property at the <span class='line-break'> </span>Cemetery, much more certain hereafter to yield an<span class='line-break'> </span>abundant nature than any of the funds which have<span class='line-break'> </span>been converted for their purchase. It may be safely<span class='line-break'> </span>assumed that the financial position of Mount Auburn was<span class='line-break'> </span>never so strong, [?] its preservation and embellishments so<span class='line-break'> </span>(crossed out "attractions to purchases") so satisfactory to its proprietors (inserted above-) nor so attractive to purchasers, as<span class='line-break'> </span>they will be found to be at (crossed out "about") the expiration of<span class='line-break'> </span>the (crossed out "present") (inserted above-) coming year</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762488">
<h3><a name="page-1762488">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p5_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>In conformity to the intentions which has<span class='line-break'> </span>been repeatedly announced, the Trustees have this year<span class='line-break'> </span>voted to commence the accumulation of a permanent fund<span class='line-break'> </span>for the future preservation of the Cemetery after all the <span class='line-break'> </span>land shall have been sold. A report of a committee<span class='line-break'> </span>has been adopted providing for the depsoit annually<span class='line-break'> </span>under certain circumstances, of one fifth part of the <span class='line-break'> </span>gross proceeds of the sales of lots, with the Massachusetts<span class='line-break'> </span>Hospital Life Insurance company, to accomulate at<span class='line-break'> </span>compound interest for the term of twenty years.<span class='line-break'> </span>Should the receipts and necessary expenditures continue<span class='line-break'> </span>about the same as they now are, and should the<span class='line-break'> </span>same conservative [?] which has hitherto governed<span class='line-break'> </span>the Trustees, continue to be observed by them, there is no<span class='line-break'> </span>doubt that an ample permanent fund will have<span class='line-break'> </span>been accumulated for the perpetual care + preservation<span class='line-break'> </span>of the cemetery, after all the land shall have been<span class='line-break'> </span>disposed of.</p>
<p>A new Catalogue has been ordered to<span class='line-break'> </span>be printed for the use of the Proprietors, which is<span class='line-break'> </span>enlarged and corrected up to the present time. A<span class='line-break'> </span>Code of By laws, not before published, has now been<span class='line-break'> </span>added, consisting of extracts from the recorded<span class='line-break'> </span>standing votes of the Trustees, amended and considerally <span class='line-break'> </span>enlarged.</p>
<p>Respectfully submitted<span class='line-break'> </span>in behalf of the Trustees<span class='line-break'> </span>Jacob Bigelow - President</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762489">
<h3><a name="page-1762489">1857-02-02_TrusteesAnnualReport-p6_1831_026_037_002</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Trustees Annual Report<span class='line-break'> </span>February 2 1857</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
