---
title: 1858-02-01 Trustees Annual Report, 1831.026.039.001
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 1831.026.039.001
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p3_1831_026_039_001

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1762490">
<h3><a name="page-1762490">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p1_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Annual Report <span class='line-break'> </span>of the Trustees of Mount Auburn Cemetery -</p>
<p>Since the last annual meeting a new and <span class='line-break'> </span>complete catalogue of the Proprietors of Mount<span class='line-break'> </span>Auburn Cemetery has been published, having been <span class='line-break'> </span>corrected from former editions with much labor &amp; <span class='line-break'> </span>care on the part of the Secretary.  To this catalogue has<span class='line-break'> </span>been prefixed a Code of By laws copmpiled &amp; digested from the <span class='line-break'> </span>standing votes of the Trustees with such amendments as <span class='line-break'> </span>were considered necessary.</p>
<p>Since the adoption of this code, it has been found <span class='line-break'> </span>that the duties therein required of the Superintendent <span class='line-break'> </span>were too onerous &amp; [?-sized] to the properly performed<span class='line-break'> </span>by one individual.  As a new office has therefore been <span class='line-break'> </span>created, &amp; a new By law introduced, providing for the <span class='line-break'> </span>appointment, &amp; prescribing the duties &amp; powers of a <span class='line-break'> </span><u>Gardener</u>to the Cemetery.  The person so appointed is <span class='line-break'> </span>to take charge of &amp; keep in repair the lots of such <span class='line-break'> </span>proprietors as may apply to him for that service,<span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; on such terms as may be agreed on between the parties,<span class='line-break'> </span>he is also to keep for sale at some convenient place <span class='line-break'> </span>designated by the Trustees, shrubs, trees, &amp; flowers, and <span class='line-break'> </span>be ready to furnish, plant or cultivate the same at <span class='line-break'> </span>his own expense, &amp; at such price &amp; remuneration <span class='line-break'> </span>as may be agreed on with the purchasers.  This plan <span class='line-break'> </span>which costs nothing to the Corporation, has been found <span class='line-break'> </span>to work well in other cemeteries where it has been tried.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762491">
<h3><a name="page-1762491">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p2_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>2</p>
<p>The Trustees have apointed to this office Mr<span class='line-break'> </span>Anthony Apple, an experienced gardener, &amp; have <span class='line-break'> </span>leased to him a piece of ground nearly opposite the <span class='line-break'> </span>gate, on which he has erected a conservatory &amp; commenced <span class='line-break'> </span>a garden.  The destruction of his first greenhouse by <span class='line-break'> </span>fire, &amp; the consequent expense of rebuilding it,<span class='line-break'> </span>entitled him to the charitable consideration of those <span class='line-break'> </span>who may be likely to need his services.</p>
<p>The experiment made last year of transplanting<span class='line-break'> </span>some dozens of large trees in the neighbourhood of the <span class='line-break'> </span>gate, has proved eminently successful, not one of them <span class='line-break'> </span>having been lost or injured by the operation.  A <sup>somewhat</sup>similar<span class='line-break'> </span>alteration is now in progress on tahe westerly side of <span class='line-break'> </span>the Gate.</p>
<p>By the liberality of one of the proprietors, the <span class='line-break'> </span>sum of one thousand dollars has been expended in<span class='line-break'> </span>grading, stoneing &amp; otherwise improving the border <span class='line-break'> </span>of Meadow pond.  An open space of two thousand <span class='line-break'> </span>square feet, inclosing the fountain at the head of <span class='line-break'> </span>the pond, is to be forever kept open for ornamental <span class='line-break'> </span>purposes.  It is hoped that other proprietors may be<span class='line-break'> </span>induced to follow so praiseworthy an example.  The <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees have voted to appropriate to a similar <span class='line-break'> </span>repair of Forest pond, all sums which may be de<span class='line-break'></span>rived from the sale of intermediate<sup>spaces</sup> between lots <span class='line-break'> </span>bordering on the pond.  Some of the abuttors have <span class='line-break'> </span>already subscribed to this object, and it is believed <span class='line-break'> </span>that others will be disposed to promote an object benefi<span class='line-break'></span>-cial to themselves &amp; the corporation.<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762492">
<h3><a name="page-1762492">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p3_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>the statues expected from Italy &amp; intended to <span class='line-break'> </span>decorate the interior of the Chapel have not yet arrived.<span class='line-break'> </span>That of Gov. Winthrop by Mr Greenough is announced as <span class='line-break'> </span>complete in Florence, &amp; may be expected here in the <span class='line-break'> </span>Spring or sooner.  Mr Crawford's statue of James Otis<span class='line-break'> </span>has been unhappily delayed by the death of that distinguished <span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; lamented artist.  Letters from his representatives however,<span class='line-break'> </span>express the belief that it is already completed in Rome,<span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; will be forwarded in the course of the spring.<span class='line-break'> </span>The fourth statue, that of John Adams, was shipped <span class='line-break'> </span>from Leghorn about the first of September in the <span class='line-break'> </span>Oxford, a vessel<del>now missing</del><sup>reported as deserted at sea</sup> &amp; probably lost.  The amount <span class='line-break'> </span>which would have been due on the delivery of this<span class='line-break'> </span>statue, was insured by the sculptor, Mr Rogers, who<span class='line-break'> </span>is confident of being able to execute a duplicate from <span class='line-break'> </span>the model in the course of another year.  When these <span class='line-break'> </span>works are completed, &amp; in their places, the Corporation <span class='line-break'> </span>will have aecquired a valuable &amp; most appropriate <span class='line-break'> </span>embellishment giving them precedence<del>?</del>over <span class='line-break'> </span>all other cemeteries in this country, at an expense <span class='line-break'> </span>not exceeding three percent of the estimated gross<span class='line-break'> </span>outlay of Mount Auburn, or six percent of the expenditure up<sup>to the present time.</sup></p>
<p>Among the auspicious events of the last year <span class='line-break'> </span>is the commencement of a permanent fund, provided <span class='line-break'> </span>for the support &amp; preservation of the cemetery after <span class='line-break'> </span>the receipts from land sales shall have aceased.<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762493">
<h3><a name="page-1762493">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p4_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>A first instalment of three thousand five hundred &amp; ten <span class='line-break'> </span>dollars has been paid by the treasurer to the Massachusetts <span class='line-break'> </span>Hospital Life Insurance Co. in pursuance of a vote of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees by which it wis required that one fifth part of the <span class='line-break'> </span>gross proceeds of sales of land, shall be annually deposited<span class='line-break'> </span>with said company, until the whole sum thus de<span class='line-break'></span>-posited, together with its accumulations of interest, shall <span class='line-break'> </span>amount to one hudred &amp; fifty thosuand dollars.  The  <span class='line-break'> </span>farther to insure the stability of this invenstment, the <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees have caused to be inserted in every new deed of <span class='line-break'> </span>conveyance a covenant binding the Corporation to the <span class='line-break'> </span>preservation and increase of this permanent fund, so <span class='line-break'> </span>that, no future board of Trustees will have the power<span class='line-break'> </span>to misapply or to divert any part of it from its legitimate <span class='line-break'> </span>destination.</p>
<p>By the treasurer's report it will be seen that <span class='line-break'> </span>the receipts of the last year have considerably exceeded <span class='line-break'> </span>those of the previous year while the expenditures have<span class='line-break'> </span>have been less.  Showing ythat the Trustees have thus<span class='line-break'> </span>far been able to keep up the same prudent policy which<span class='line-break'> </span>has heretofore governed their movements.</p>
<p>for the Trustees</p>
<p>Jacob Bigelow</p>
<p>President</p>
<p>Boston Feb. 1<sup>st</sup> 1858<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762494">
<h3><a name="page-1762494">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport-p5_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Trustees Report<span class='line-break'> </span>Feby 1 1858</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762501">
<h3><a name="page-1762501">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport Draft-p6_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Annual Report of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees of Mount Auburn Cemetery</p>
<p>Since the last annual meeting a<span class='line-break'> </span>new &amp; complete catalogue of the Proprietors <span class='line-break'> </span>of Mount Auburn cemetery has been published, <span class='line-break'> </span>having been corrected <del>by</del><sup>from former editions with </sup> much (labor) and (care)<span class='line-break'> </span><del>investigation</del>on the part of the Secretary.  To <span class='line-break'> </span>this catalogue has been prefixed a Code of <span class='line-break'> </span>By laws compiled and digested from the standing <span class='line-break'> </span>votes of the Trustees with such amendments as <span class='line-break'> </span>were considered necessary</p>
<p>Since the adoption of this code, it has<span class='line-break'> </span>been found that the duties therein required of <span class='line-break'> </span>the Superintendent were too onerous and diversified<span class='line-break'> </span>to be properly performed by one individiual.  A<span class='line-break'> </span>new office has therefore been created and a new <span class='line-break'> </span>By law introduced, providing for teh appointment <span class='line-break'> </span>and prescribing the duties and powers of a <u>Gardener</u><span class='line-break'> </span>to the Cemetery.  The persons appointed is to take <span class='line-break'> </span>charge of &amp; keep in repair the lots of such pro<span class='line-break'></span>prietors as may apply to him for that <del>purpose</del><span class='line-break'> </span>service, and on such terms as may be agreed on </p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762503">
<h3><a name="page-1762503">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport Draft-p7_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>between the parties;  he is also to keep for sale <span class='line-break'> </span>at some convenient place designated by the <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees shrubs, trees &amp; flowers, and be ready <span class='line-break'> </span>to furnish, plant or cultivate the same at his <span class='line-break'> </span>own expense and at such price and remuneration <span class='line-break'> </span>as may be agreed on with the purchasers.  This <span class='line-break'> </span>plan which costs nothing to the Corporation has been found<span class='line-break'> </span>to work well in other cemeteries where it has been tried.</p>
<p>The Trustees have appointed to this office <span class='line-break'> </span>Mr Anthony Apple, an<del>able &amp;</del>experience gardener,<span class='line-break'> </span>and have leased to him a piece of ground nearly <span class='line-break'> </span>opposite the gate, on which he has erexted a conservatory<span class='line-break'> </span>and commenced a garden.  The destruction of his first <span class='line-break'> </span>green house by fire <sup>and the conseuent expense of rebuilding it</sup> entitles him to the charitable consideration <span class='line-break'> </span>of those who may be likely to need his services.</p>
<p>The experiment made last year of transplanting <span class='line-break'> </span>some dozens of large trees in the neighbourhood of the gate, <span class='line-break'> </span>has proved eminently successful, not oen of those having <span class='line-break'> </span>been lost or injured by the operation.  A <sup>somewhat</sup>similar alteration <span class='line-break'> </span>is now in progress on the westerly side of the gate</p>
<p>By the liberality of one of the proprietors, <span class='line-break'> </span>the sum of one thousand dollars has been expended<span class='line-break'> </span>in grading, stoning and otherwise improving the border <span class='line-break'> </span>of Meadow pond.  An open space of two thousand <span class='line-break'> </span>square feet, inclosing the fountain at the head of the <span class='line-break'> </span>pond, is to be forever kept open for ornamental <span class='line-break'> </span>purposes.  It is hoped that other proprietors may be <span class='line-break'> </span>induced to follow so praiseworth an example.  The <span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees have voted to <del>devote</del><sup>appropriate</sup> to a similar repair of <span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762496">
<h3><a name="page-1762496">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport Draft-p8_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Forest pond all sums<sup>which may be</sup>derived from the sale of <span class='line-break'> </span>intermediate spaces between lots bordering on this pond.<span class='line-break'> </span>Some of the abuttors have already subscribed to this object,<span class='line-break'> </span>and it <sup>will be dispensed to promote an object beneficial to themselves ^ to the corporation</sup>believed that others will<del>follow the example.</del></p>
<p>The statues <sup>expected from Italy</sup> and intended to decorate the <span class='line-break'> </span>interior of the Chapel have not yet arrived.  That <span class='line-break'> </span>of Gov. Winthrop by Mr Greenough is announced as <span class='line-break'> </span>completed in Florence and may be expected<sup>here</sup> in the <span class='line-break'> </span>spring<sup>or sooner</sup><del>The</del><sup>Mr Crawford's</sup>statue of James Otis has been unhappily  <span class='line-break'> </span>delayed by the death of that disting<sup>uis</sup>hed &amp; lamented <span class='line-break'> </span>artist. (<del>by whom it was designed).</del> Letters from his repre<span class='line-break'></span>sentatives, however, <del>lead to </del><sup>express</sup>the belief that it is already <span class='line-break'> </span>completed in Rome, and will be forwarded <del>also</del> in the <sup>course of the</sup>spring.<span class='line-break'> </span>The fourth statue, that of John Adams, was shipped from <span class='line-break'> </span>Leghorm about the first of September in the Oxford, a vessel<del>now missing</del><sup>reported as deserted at sea</sup> &amp; probably lost.  The amount which <span class='line-break'> </span>would have been due on the delivery of thsio statue, was <span class='line-break'> </span>insured by the sculptor, Mr Rogers, who is confident <span class='line-break'> </span>of being able to execute a duplicate from the<del>same</del><span class='line-break'> </span>model in the course of another year.  When these works <span class='line-break'> </span>are completed an in their places, the Corporation will have<span class='line-break'> </span>acquired a valuable and most appropriate embellishment,<span class='line-break'> </span><sup>giving them precedence over all other cemeteries in this country,</sup>at an expense not exceeding three per cent of the estimated <span class='line-break'> </span>gross outlay of Mount Auburn, or six per cent of the expenditure up<sup>to the present time.</sup></p>
<p>Amont the auspicious events of the last year <span class='line-break'> </span>is the commencement of a permanent fund provided for the <span class='line-break'> </span>support &amp; preservation of the Cemetery after the receipts from<span class='line-break'> </span>land sales shall have <del>stopped</del><sup>ceased.</sup>  A first instalment</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1762499">
<h3><a name="page-1762499">1858-02-01_TrusteesAnnualReport Draft-p9_1831_026_039_001</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>of three thousand five hundred and ten dollars has <span class='line-break'> </span>been paid <sup>by the treasurer</sup>to the Mass. Hospital Life Insurance Co,<span class='line-break'> </span>in pursuance of a vote of the Trustees by which it is <span class='line-break'> </span>required that one fifth part of the gross proceeds of <span class='line-break'> </span>sales of land, shall be annually deposited with said<span class='line-break'> </span>company, until the whole sum thus deposited, together <span class='line-break'> </span>with its accumulations<sup>of interest</sup> shall amount to one hundred<span class='line-break'> </span>and fifty thousand dollars.  The farther to insure the <span class='line-break'> </span>stability of this investment, the Trustees have caused <span class='line-break'> </span>to be inserted in every new deed of conveyance a <span class='line-break'> </span>covenant binding the Corporation to the preservation and <span class='line-break'> </span>increase of this permanent fund, so that no future <span class='line-break'> </span>board of Trustees will have the poer to misapply or<span class='line-break'> </span><del>to</del>divert any part of it from its legitimate destination.<span class='line-break'> </span><del>?</del></p>
<p>By the Treasurers report it will be <span class='line-break'> </span>seen that the receipts of the last  year have<sup>considerably</sup> exceeded <span class='line-break'> </span>those of the previous year, while the expenditures<span class='line-break'> </span>have been showing that the Trustees have thus <span class='line-break'> </span>far been able to keep up the same prudent policy <span class='line-break'> </span>which has heretofore governed their movemets.</p>
<p>For the Trustees<span class='line-break'> </span>Jacob Bigelow<span class='line-break'> </span>President<span class='line-break'> </span>Boston Feb. 1. 1858.<span class='line-break'> </span>[written along lower left margin:]<span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees Report<span class='line-break'></span>Feby. 1. 1858<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
