---
title: '1888-07-23 Letter: W. B. Van Amringe, Smith Granite Co. agent, to J. W. Lovering,
  PC rules, 2014.020.011-011'
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Author
  value: W. B. Van Amringe, Agent, The Smith Granite Company
- label: Identifier
  value: 2014.020.011-011

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1484788">
<h3><a name="page-1484788">Letter: W. B. Van Amringe, Smith Granite Co. agent, to J. W. Lovering, 1888 (page 1)</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>[Letterhead: ART MONUMENTS, GRANITE STATUARY. The Smith Granite Company, WESTERLY GRANITE MONUMENTS. W.B. VAN AMRINGE, Agent, No. 3 Bromfield Street, (Ground Floor.) Established 1846.]</p>
<p>Boston, Mass., July 23<sup>d</sup> 1888</p>
<p>J W Lovering Esq. Supt. Mt Auburn Cemetery, Boston Mass.</p>
<p>Dear Sir,</p>
<p>Our Mr Chapman visited your Cemetery last Friday, to set the Amos Smith headstone, but learned that the stone was to go on a "perpetual care" lot, and consequently you must do the work. Mr. Chapman gave an order (verbal) to have the fdstone set, and some one, with authority, promised him, that the stone would be set by Sat. night. Mrs Smith reports this day, that the stone is not yet set, but will be, if a written order is forwarded to you. - Now, we do not object to the system of written orders, permits, </p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1484789">
<h3><a name="page-1484789">Letter: W. B. Van Amringe, Smith Granite Co. agent, to J. W. Lovering, 1888 (page 2)</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>[Letterhead: ART MONUMENTS, GRANITE STATUARY. The Smith Granite Company, WESTERLY GRANITE MONUMENTS. W.B. VAN AMRINGE, Agent, No. 3 Bromfield Street, (Ground Floor.) Established 1846.]</p>
<p>- 2 -</p>
<p>&amp; as required by your regulations, but we do object to promises made on verbal orders, that are not carried out. If a verbal order is objectionable, and contrary to your rule, then the person giving a verbal order, should be corrected, so that the written order would come in the regular order, but if a verbal order is followed by a verbal promise, we naturally trust ourselves to that promise, and make statements based on that promise as we did, in this case, to Mrs Smith, much to her disappointment and to our disgust. You will please instruct your clerks to adhere closely to one rule or the other, so that any error on our part or omission, may be corrected before it effects an innocent 3rd party.<span class='line-break'> </span>Very Respy, W. B. Van Amringe</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
