---
title: 1861-07-13 Trustee Resolutions on Duties of Officers, 2021.004.036
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.036
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1861-07_ResolutionsOfficersDuties-p1_2021_004_036

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1773689">
<h3><a name="page-1773689">1861-07_ResolutionsOfficersDuties-p1_2021_004_036</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Resolutions as reported back by Committee to make verbal alterations, and <span class='line-break'> </span>as amended at meeting, July 20. 1861</p>
<p><del>At the regular meeting of the Trustees of Mount Auburn Cemetery, held July 1, 1861, the printed report of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Committee to whom was referred, among other duties, that of suggesting some plan for conducting affairs at the Cemetery,<span class='line-break'> </span>came up for action.</del></p>
<p><del>The following resolves moved by Mr. Rand, were informally agreed to, subject to adoption as a whole, or otherwise,<span class='line-break'> </span>as the Board should see fit.</del></p>
<p>Resolved. FIRST.  The Superintendent shall have not charge or control of the receiving and disbursing of moneys of the Corpor<span class='line-break'></span>ation.  It shall be his duty at the close of each <del>day</del><sup>week</sup> to render to the Treasurer, or his Clerk, an accurate statement of the <span class='line-break'> </span>name of each laborer employed, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages to be  paid.  If any work be done<span class='line-break'> </span>by the Corporation for proprietors, he shall keep a particular account of the same, and, when finisihed, report it immedi<span class='line-break'></span>ately to the Treasurer.  In all other respects his duties shall be the same as at present.</p>
<p>SECOND.  The Treasurer shall have an office at Mount Auburn.  He shall attend at his <del>office</del><sup>there</sup>at <del>all</del><sup>such</sup>times, <del>except on</del><sup>as the Com. on Finance [?]</sup><span class='line-break'> </span><sup>either in person</sup><del>Sunday, himself</del> or by his Clerk, who shall be a person approved by the Committee on Finance, and for whose acts <span class='line-break'> </span>the Treasurer shall be responsible.  He shall have a Time-Table <del>and</del><sup>in which </sup> shall<sup>he</sup>enter<del>therin daily,</del>in accordance with the report<span class='line-break'> </span>to be made to him by the Superintendent, the name of each laborer, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages;<span class='line-break'> </span>and at the end of each month make <del>a pay-roll</del>and exhibit<del>the same</del>to the Committee on Finance, a pay-roll which shall contain the <span class='line-break'> </span>names of all the laboarers employed during that month, the amount of labor performed by each, and wages paid therefor,<span class='line-break'> </span>duly receipted for by said laborers.</p>
<p>He shall pay and receive, as Treasurer, and in the name of the Corporation, only such moneys as the Corporation <span class='line-break'> </span>shall be liable for, or as may be due to it, and not receive and receipts for sums which may be due from proprietors to <span class='line-break'> </span>contractors, independent of the Corporation.  He shall collect and pay all bills, receive and disburse all moneys, and <span class='line-break'> </span>perform all the duties usually pertaining to the office of Treasurer, as well as all others which it may be found expedient<span class='line-break'> </span>hereafter to assign to him.  He shall give bonds with surety satisfactory to the Board of Trustees, in the sum of five<span class='line-break'> </span>thousand dollars.  He shall keep all moneys belonging to the Corporation deposted in such bank as the Committee on <span class='line-break'> </span>Finance shall designate, to his credit as Treasurer of Mount Auburn Cemetery.  <del>It shall be distinctly understood that <span class='line-break'> </span>his whole time shall be given to the work and interests of Mount Auburn,.</del></p>
<p>THIRD.  There shall be a Gate-Keeper, whose duty shall be to attend the gate and perform such other services as he <span class='line-break'> </span>can without interference with that work; and in the necessary absence of the Treasurer, or his Clerk, he shall receive  such <span class='line-break'> </span>burial fees as may be p aid, and pass the same immediately to the Treasurer, or his Clerk, on his return.</p>
<p><del>At the adjourned meeting of the Trustees, held July 5, 1861, the following resolve was moved by Mr. Rand, and <span class='line-break'> </span>ordered to be printed, pending which the meeting was adjourned to Saturday, July 13, at 9 1/2 o'clock, A. M.</del></p>
<p>FOURTH. No person other than the proper officers and servants of the Corporation shall be allowed to perform any <span class='line-break'> </span>work on any lot in the Cemetery without the written authority of the Proprietor of such lot, and upon a permit to be issued<span class='line-break'> </span>as hereinafter provided.</p>
<p>Any Proprietor desiring work to be done upon his lot by any person other than the officers or servants of the Cor<span class='line-break'></span>poration shall apply to the Secretary for a permit, stating in his application the work to be done, and the person whom he <span class='line-break'> </span>proposes to employ, and engaging to be responsible for all injury and damage done by his workmen, either to the grounds <sup>or</sup><del>with</del><span class='line-break'> </span><sup>other property</sup>of the Corporation, or <del>the lot</del>of any<del>other</del>proprietor.  Upon such application, a permit shall be granted which shall, in <span class='line-break'> </span>like manner, specify the work to be done, and the person by whom to be done, and that such proprietor is responsible for <span class='line-break'> </span>the acts of those employed.  All such work shall be done under the charge of the Superintedent.  Nothing herein con<span class='line-break'></span>tained shall be held to prevent any proprietor from performing, in person, any work on his own lot.</p>
<p><del>It was moved by Mr. Crocker, that the following esolve, being one of the recommendations of the report, be also <span class='line-break'> </span>printed.</del></p>
<p><del>That the Superintendent be instructed to adopt as low a tariff of charges as possible without loss to the Corporation;<span class='line-break'> </span>and that a circular be printed and sent to the proprietors recommending them to employ the Superintendent, and also <span class='line-break'> </span>informing them that no one will be permitted to perform any work on any of the lots, without the written authority of the <span class='line-break'> </span>proprietor; and that all work done by parties outside must e done under the rules of the Corporation, and in strict <span class='line-break'> </span>compliance therewith; and, for any injury done to the grounds in the performance of the same, other than the necessary <span class='line-break'> </span>wear and tear, the proprietor in whose employ the work is done shall be held accountable; and that instructions be given <span class='line-break'> </span>to the Superintendent to strictly enforce these rules.</del></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1773690">
<h3><a name="page-1773690">1861-07_ResolutionsOfficersDuties-p2_2021_004_036</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Resolutions respecting arrange<span class='line-break'> </span>ment of duties of officers <span class='line-break'> </span>adopted July 13. 1861<span class='line-break'> </span>and amended July 20.1861.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
