---
title: 1868-01-10 Committee on Miles Petition for Lot Representative, Henry J. Miles,
  2021.004.044
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.044
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1868-01-10_Lot236Miles_2021_004_044-1

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1796825">
<h3><a name="page-1796825">1868-01-10_Lot236Miles_2021_004_044-1</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>(preprinted "To the Trustees of the Cemetery of Mount Auburn)</p>
<p>(preprinted "Respectfully represent the undersigned that") Henry L. Miles<span class='line-break'> </span>(preprinted "the proprietor of lot numbered") 236 (preprinted "in said Cemetery, who last dwelt in")<span class='line-break'> </span>Roxbury, Mass (preprinted "died in") said city (preprinted "on the")<span class='line-break'> </span>30th day of Dec A.D. 1867, (1) (space) testate, leaving (2) a wife<span class='line-break'> </span>whose name is  Harriet M. Miles of Roxbury<span class='line-break'> </span>and as his only heir-at-law and next of kin the person whose name, relationship to the deceased<span class='line-break'> </span>and place of residence is as follows, viz.:</p>
<p>only child is Mary Denny, daughter of said Henry<span class='line-break'> </span>by first wife Helen Maria.</p>
<p>The will, after directing the payment of debts<span class='line-break'> </span>gives the whole residence to said wife Harriet, in trust<span class='line-break'> </span>for the benefit and support of herself + children.</p>
<p>Said lot actually owned by Rev. Henry A. Miles, the father<span class='line-break'> </span>of said dec/(?), and also executor under his will, and by Miss Susan W.<span class='line-break'> </span>Moore and by said Henry J. and the other owners desire that <span class='line-break'> </span>the said Henry A. Miles should (?) the (?).</p>
<p>Wherefore your petitioner asks that (3) Henry A. Miles<span class='line-break'> </span>of Brookline the (4) father aforesaid<span class='line-break'> </span>may be designated to represent said lot until further action on the part of your Board may become<span class='line-break'> </span>necessary.</p>
<p>Dated this 10th day of January A.D. 1868<span class='line-break'> </span>(5)   Harriet M. Miles</p>
<p>(Footnotes - )<span class='line-break'> </span>(1) "Testate," if the deceased left a Will; otherwise "intestate."     (2) "A husband," or a "widow," as the case may be.   (3) Name of<span class='line-break'> </span>representative.    (4) Degree of relationship.           (5) Space for signatures.</p>
<p>Minors must be so designated, and the names of their Guardians given if they have any. If any party is a married woman, her husband's<span class='line-break'> </span>name must be given.  The heirs-at-law and next of kin may be determined by reference to Chapters 91 and 94 of the General Statutes.</p>
<p>The following extracts from the Charter and By-Laws, contain all the regulations existing in connection with the subject matter of this petition<span class='line-break'> </span>ACT OF INCORPORATION - SECTION 8. Be it futher enacted, That the lots in said Cemetery shall be indivisible, and upon the death of any<span class='line-break'> </span>proprietor of any lot in the said Cemetery containing not less than three hundred square feet, the devisee of such lot, or the heir at law as the case<span class='line-break'> </span>may be, shall be entitled to all the privileges of membership as aforesaid; and if there be more than one devisee or heir at law of each lot, the<span class='line-break'> </span>Board of Trustees for the time being, shall designate which of the said devisees or heirs at law shall represent the said lot, and vote in the<span class='line-break'> </span>meetings of the Corporation - which designation, shall continue in force, until by death, removal or other sufficient cause, another designation <span class='line-break'> </span>shall become necessary; and, in making such desigantion, the Trustees shall, as far as they coveniently may, give the preference to males over <span class='line-break'> </span>females, and to proximity of blood and priority of age; having due regard, however, to proximity of residence.</p>
<p>BY-LAWS - ARTICLE 30. When the devisees or heirs at law of any deceased proprietor, or the guardian or trustee of such persons being<span class='line-break'> </span>infants, shall desire the appointment of a person to represent the lot owned in common by them, written application to the Trustees shall be made <span class='line-break'> </span>by them in that behalf.</p>
<p>This petition may be presented at any regular meeting of the Trustees, which occurs on the first Monday of every month. The Annual<span class='line-break'> </span>Meeting of the Corporation is held on the first Monday in February.</p>
<p>Return to A.J. Coolidge             Secretary, 16 Pemb. Sq., Boston.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1796826">
<h3><a name="page-1796826">1868-01-10_Lot236Miles_2021_004_044-2</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>236 <span class='line-break'> </span>Henry J. Miles<span class='line-break'> </span>Ref. Henry A. Miles<span class='line-break'> </span>of Brookline, father</p>
<p>Referred to a com'tee<span class='line-break'> </span>consisting of Mr. Rand +<span class='line-break'> </span>Mr. (?)<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
