---
title: 1869-03-09 Trustee Committee on Departing Treasurer, 2021.004.081
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.081
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1869-03-09_comDepartingTreasurer-p2_2021_004_081

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1776014">
<h3><a name="page-1776014">1869-03-09_comDepartingTreasurer-p1_2021_004_081</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Office Mount Auburn Cemetery <span class='line-break'> </span>Boston March 9 1869</p>
<p>The committee to whom was referred the <span class='line-break'> </span>communicationof the Treasurer in regard to extra labor <span class='line-break'> </span>in his department during the past year -</p>
<p>Make the following Report.</p>
<p>They find by examination<span class='line-break'> </span>and inquiry, that in consequence of the unsatisfactory <span class='line-break'> </span>condition of the books &amp; accounts of the late Treasurer, when they came into <span class='line-break'> </span>the possession of the present office, an unexpected amount of <span class='line-break'> </span>labor has been required, from both<sup>the</sup> Treasurer &amp; his assistant, in the <span class='line-break'> </span>adjustment of the accounts, and <del>of</del><sup>collection of</sup>the bills due the Corporation <span class='line-break'> </span><del>and uncollected.</del>  The amount collected from the overdue bills <span class='line-break'> </span>has been quite large, and the books &amp; accounts are assuming a <span class='line-break'> </span>more satisfactory condition -  As this additional labor was <span class='line-break'> </span>not anticipated when the Salary of Treasurer was fixed for the<span class='line-break'> </span>past year, the committee are unanimous in recommending the <span class='line-break'> </span>passage of the following vote</p>
<p>(over)</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1776015">
<h3><a name="page-1776015">1869-03-09_comDepartingTreasurer-p2_2021_004_081</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>[written in pencil down the side "passed unanimously}</p>
<p>Voted.  That the sum of Five Hundred dollars be <span class='line-break'> </span>paid the Treasurer in full compensation for extra labor <span class='line-break'> </span>in his department during the year 1868.</p>
<p>The whole Subject of Salaries having been referred <span class='line-break'> </span>to the same Committee - They beg leave to Report -</p>
<p>When the office of Treasurer was transferred to the present <span class='line-break'> </span>incumbent, it was supposed that with temporary assistance he could <span class='line-break'> </span>perform the duties of Secretary &amp; Treasurer.  The investigations of the Comm<sup>tee</sup>\<span class='line-break'> </span>have made it aparent that the proper and satisfactory performance of <span class='line-break'> </span>these duties, will require the employment by the Treasurer of a permanent <span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; competant assistant.  To enable him to make this arrangement, this <span class='line-break'> </span>committee unanimously recommend the addition of Five hundred dollars <span class='line-break'> </span>to his Salary as Treasurer.  the total amount of his Salary as Treasurer <span class='line-break'> </span>for 1869, Fifteen hundred dollars, instead of one Thousand dollars as <span class='line-break'> </span>originally fixed for 1868.</p>
<p>The committee have also considered the application of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Gate Keeper for additional compensation.  They have ascertained that <span class='line-break'> </span>he has performed his duties acceptably, and is a useful man in <span class='line-break'> </span>that position.  and recommend an addition to his Salary for 1869</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1776016">
<h3><a name="page-1776016">1869-03-09_comDepartingTreasurer-p3_2021_004_081</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>of Fifty-dollars making his total Salary for 1869 Seven <span class='line-break'> </span>hundred dollars instead of $650 as heretofore -</p>
<p>The passage of the following Vote is recommended:</p>
<p>Voted</p>
<p>That the Salaries for the year 1869 shall be as follows:</p>
<p>[written in pencil down left margin "passed unanimously"]</p>
<p>Secretary - Thirteen Hundred &amp; fifty dollars</p>
<p>Treasurer.  Fifteen hundred dollars, upon the Condition <span class='line-break'> </span>that he employ permanently a competent assistant, who <span class='line-break'> </span>shall be acceptable to the Trustees -</p>
<p>Superintendent Twenty-five hundred dollsrs {use of a house and such <span class='line-break'> </span>{wood as he needs gathered from Mt Auburn</p>
<p>Gate Keeper - Seven Hundred dollars {and usual allowance <span class='line-break'> </span>{for Sundays as provided in the <span class='line-break'> </span>{By Laws</p>
<p>The Gardening account of the Sup<sup>e</sup>was also referred to the C om<sup>ee</sup><span class='line-break'> </span>for examination - and they report -</p>
<p>That the items in this account are largely estimates, and the <span class='line-break'> </span>Committee have no exact data upon which to form an opinion.<span class='line-break'> </span>Yet, as they are unanimously of opinion that the maintenance <span class='line-break'> </span>of the Garden &amp; Green houses are a necessity for the proper care<span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; improvement of the Cemetery, They report that so far as this<span class='line-break'> </span>statement enables them to form <del>opinion</del><sup>judement in the matter the result is </sup></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1776017">
<h3><a name="page-1776017">1869-03-09_comDepartingTreasurer-p4_2021_004_081</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>satisfactory</p>
<p>Otis Norcross}<span class='line-break'> </span>Jacob Bigelow}<span class='line-break'> </span>J.I. Bowditch</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
