---
title: '1866-11-09 Letter: Jones to Coolidge, 2021.021.010'
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.021.010
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1866-11-09_JonestoCoolidge_2021_021_010

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1816946">
<h3><a name="page-1816946">1866-11-09_JonestoCoolidge1_2021_021_010</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>J. Pringle Jones, Trustee of<span class='line-break'> </span>the Charles Evans Cemy, Reading, Pa.</p>
<p>Nov. 9. 1866</p>
<p>Austin J. Coolidge, Esquire.</p>
<p>33 School Street. Boston.</p>
<p>My dear Sir</p>
<p>I have just received<span class='line-break'> </span>and read your very interesting and obliging letter in<span class='line-break'> </span>reply to my queries and have to thank you, I cannot<span class='line-break'> </span>say<sup>how</sup>fully and sincerely, for its abundant information and<span class='line-break'> </span>for the extreme kindness and promptness you have shown<span class='line-break'> </span>in giving that information. Your letter may be considered</p>
<p>upon this middle ground, it is managed neither way,<span class='line-break'> </span>it is simply, "crop or pile," whether it shall live or die,<span class='line-break'> </span>go up or go down. Instructed by the good example of<span class='line-break'> </span>your company, an effort shall not be wanting to make<span class='line-break'> </span>this corporation what it ought to be, and, if that effort<span class='line-break'> </span>succeeds, the corporation will be ever the grateful<span class='line-break'> </span>debtor to your courteous kindness.</p>
<p>If my good [genius? genies?] ever leads me again to<span class='line-break'> </span>Boston, I feel that I am so much your obliged ser<span class='line-break'></span>vant as that in duty, not less than in pleasure, I<span class='line-break'> </span>shall be bound to make your personal acquaintance.</p>
<p>Very respectfully</p>
<p>J. Princes Jones.<span class='line-break'> </span>Reading. 9 Nov. '66.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1816947">
<h3><a name="page-1816947">1866-11-09_JonestoCoolidge2_2021_021_010</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>as making the date of the new foundation of the<span class='line-break'> </span>Charles Evans Cemetery, for it and its' accompanying<span class='line-break'> </span>documents point out precisely how such a corporation<span class='line-break'> </span>ought to be conducted. Our Board has gone on blindly,<span class='line-break'> </span>running the cemetery, so to say, upon its present [reb..?],<span class='line-break'> </span>without any wise or just consideration of the time to come<span class='line-break'> </span>and of its' needs. You will smile when I tell you that our<span class='line-break'> </span>maximum prince per square foot is <u>nine cents</u>, our mini<span class='line-break'></span>mum six, and that we charge less for digging a grave than<span class='line-break'> </span>it costs us to dig it by from thirty to fifty percent. For myself,<span class='line-break'> </span>I must say that I have been in the board but about two<span class='line-break'> </span>years: the observation of those two years, however, has satis-</p>
<p>fied me that the day will come, and not very remote<span class='line-break'></span>ly, when the corporation will become bankrupt, if its'<span class='line-break'> </span>whole system be not changed and made conformable to<span class='line-break'> </span>that which prevails at Mount Auburn.</p>
<p>I do not mean to flatter your local pride,<span class='line-break'> </span>but I have always had, and expressed, the idea that Bos<span class='line-break'></span>ton is the true centre of American civilization. The far<span class='line-break'></span>ther we get from Boston the ruder, the coarser, the more<span class='line-break'> </span>careless, the more indifferent to all high and true principles<span class='line-break'> </span>of private and public action do the people become. With you<span class='line-break'> </span>a corporation is generally administered to the best possible advan<span class='line-break'></span>tage -- at the far south to the most possible advantage -- with us.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
