---
title: 1861-07-20 Trustee Resolutions about Work on Lots, 2021.004.035
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.035
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1861-07-20_ResolutionsWorkonLots-p1_2021_004_035

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1773699">
<h3><a name="page-1773699">1861-07-20_ResolutionsWorkonLots-p1_2021_004_035</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Ammended,<span class='line-break'> </span>Resolutions revised and adopted at the meeting of the<span class='line-break'> </span>Trustees <date when='1961-07-20'>July 20<sup>th</sup>1861</date>-<span class='line-break'> </span><del>At the regular meeting of the Trustees of Mount Auburn Cemetery, ehd July 1, 1861, the printed report of the<span class='line-break'> </span>Committee to whom was referred, among other duties, that of suggesting some plan for conducting affairs at the Cemetery,<span class='line-break'> </span>came up for action.<span class='line-break'> </span>The following resolves moved by Mr. Rand, were informally afreed to subject to adoption as a whole, or otherwise,<span class='line-break'> </span>as the Board should see fit.</del><span class='line-break'> </span>FIRST. The Superintendent shall have no charge or control of the receiving and disbursing of moneys of the Corpor<span class='line-break'></span>ation. It shall be his duty at the close of each <del>day</del> week to render to the Treasurer, or his Clerk, an accurate statement of the<span class='line-break'> </span>name of each laborer employed, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages to be paid. If any work be done<span class='line-break'> </span>by the Corporation for proprietors, he shall keep a particular account of the same, and, when finished, report it immedi<span class='line-break'></span>ately to the Treasurer. In all ofther respects his duties shall be the same at present.<span class='line-break'> </span>SECOND. The Treasurer shall have an office at Mount Auburn; <del>He</del> and shall attend at his office there at <del>all</del> such times, <del>except on Sunday, himself</del> as the Committee or Finance shall order, either in person<span class='line-break'> </span>or by his Clerk, who shall be a person approved by the Committee on Finance, and for whose acts the<span class='line-break'> </span>Treasurer shall be responsible. He shall have a Time-Table <del>and</del>in which shall be entered <del>herin daily,</del> in accordance with the report<span class='line-break'> </span>to be made to him by the Superintendent, the name of each laborer, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages;<span class='line-break'> </span>and at the end of each month make a pay-roll, and exhibit <del>the same</del> to the Committee on Finance, which shall contain the<span class='line-break'> </span>names of all the laborers employed during that month, the amount of labor performed by each, and wages paid therefor,<span class='line-break'> </span>duly receipted for by said laborers.<span class='line-break'> </span>He shall pay and receive, as Treasurer, and in the name of the Corporation, only such moneys as the Corporation<span class='line-break'> </span>shall be liable for, or as may be due to it, and not receive and receipt for sums which may be due from proprietors to<span class='line-break'> </span>contractors, independent of the Corporation. He shall collect and pay all bills, receive and disburse all moneys, and<span class='line-break'> </span>perform all the duties usually pertaining to the office of Treasurer, as well as all others which it may be found expedient<span class='line-break'> </span>hereafter to assign to him. He shall give bonds with surety safisfaction to the Board of Trustees, in the sum of five<span class='line-break'> </span>thousand dollars. He shall keep all moneys belonging to the Corporation deposited in such bank as the Committee on<span class='line-break'> </span>Finance shall designate, to his credit as Treasurer of Mount Auburn Cemetery. <del>It shall be distinctly understood, that<span class='line-break'> </span>his whole time shall be given to the work and interests of Mount Auburn.</del><span class='line-break'> </span>THIRD. There shall be a Gate-Keeper, whose duty shall be to attend the gate and perform such other services as he<span class='line-break'> </span>can without interference with that work; and in the necessary absence of the Treasurer, or his Clerk, he shall receive such<span class='line-break'> </span>burial fees as may be paid, and pass the same immediately to the Treasurer, or his Clerk, on his return.<span class='line-break'> </span><del>At the adjourned meeting of the Trustees, held <date when='1861-07-05'>July 5, 1861</date> the following resolve was moved by Mr. Rand, and<span class='line-break'> </span>ordered to be printed, pending wich the meeting was adjourned to Saturday <date when='1861-07-13'>July 13</date> at 9 1/2 o'clock A.M.</del><span class='line-break'> </span>FOURTH. No person other than the proper officers and servants of the Corporation shall be allowed to perform any<span class='line-break'> </span>work on any lot in the Cemetery without the written authority of the Proprietor of such lot, and upon a permit to be issued<span class='line-break'> </span>as hereinafter provided.<span class='line-break'> </span>Any Proprietor desiring work to be done upon his lot by any person other than the officers or servants of the Cor<span class='line-break'></span>poration shall apply to the Secretary for a permit, stating in his application the work to be done, and the person whom he<span class='line-break'> </span>proposes to employ, and engaging to be responsible for all injury and damage done by his workmen, either to the grounds or other property<span class='line-break'> </span>of the Corporation, or <del>the lot</del> of any <del>other</del> proprietor. Upon such application, a permit shall be granted which shall, in<span class='line-break'> </span>like manner, specify the work to be done, and the person by whom to be done, and that such proprietor is responsible for<span class='line-break'> </span>the acts of those employed. All such work shall be done under the charge of the Superintendent. Nothing herin con<span class='line-break'></span>tained shall be held to prevent any proprietor from performing, in person, any work on his own lot.<span class='line-break'> </span><del>It was moved by Mr. Cocker, that the following resolve, being one of the recommendations of the report, be also<span class='line-break'> </span>printed.<span class='line-break'> </span>That the Superintendent be instructed to adopt as low a tarrif of charges as possible without loss to the Corporation;<span class='line-break'> </span>and that a circular be printed and sent to the proprietors recommending them to employ the Superintendent, and also<span class='line-break'> </span>informing them that no one will be permitted to perform any work on any of the lots, without the written authority of the<span class='line-break'> </span>proprietor; and that all work done by parties outside must be done under the rules of the Corporation, and in strict<span class='line-break'> </span>compliance therewith; and, for any injury done to the grounds in the performance of the same, other than the necessary<span class='line-break'> </span>wear and tear, the proprietor in whose employ the work is done shall be held accountable; and that instructions be given<span class='line-break'> </span>to the Superintendent to strictly enforce these rules.</del></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1773700">
<h3><a name="page-1773700">1861-07-20_ResolutionsWorkonLots-p2_2021_004_035</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Resolutions about work on<span class='line-break'> </span>Lots - as ammended + adopted <date when='1861-07-20'>July 20, 1861</date></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
