---
title: 1861-06-05 Printed Report on Conducting Affairs at the Cemetery, 2021.004.033
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.033
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p1_2021_004_033

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1790054">
<h3><a name="page-1790054">1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p1_2021_004_033</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>REPORT</p>
<p>The Committee appointed to investigate the accounts of the Superintendent, and to <span class='line-break'> </span>suggest some plan for conducting the affairs at the Cemetery, beg leave to make a report<span class='line-break'> </span>upon the latter subject, and ask for further time to complete their examination in regard to <span class='line-break'> </span>the former.</p>
<p>The Comittee are satisfied that the interests of Mount Auburn require radical <span class='line-break'> </span>changes to be made in the mode of conducting its affairs, and without comment will make <span class='line-break'> </span>such suggestons as appear to them necessary.</p>
<p>In the first place they would advise that the Superintendent should have nothing to <span class='line-break'> </span>do with the receiving and disbursing of moneys of the Corporation.  That it shall be his <span class='line-break'> </span>duty at the close of each day to render to the Treasurer an accurate statement of the name <span class='line-break'> </span>of each laborer employed, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages to be paid.<span class='line-break'> </span>If any work be done by the Corporation for proprieors, he shall keep a particular account<span class='line-break'> </span>of the same, and, when finished, report it immediately to the Treasurer  In all other <span class='line-break'> </span>respects his duties shall be the same as at present.  His compensation to be $1,000 per <span class='line-break'> </span>annum, and the use of the house.</p>
<p>Second.  In order to have the accounts and books accurately kept, it is important that <span class='line-break'> </span>one person should have the entire custody and responsibility of all moneys of the Corpora<span class='line-break'></span>tion, and the management of its financial affairs, together with all books, accounts, &amp;c.,<span class='line-break'> </span>under the direction and control of the respective committees, according to the by-laws.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1790055">
<h3><a name="page-1790055">1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p2_2021_004_033</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>The Committee therefore recommend that the Treasurer have his office at Mount<span class='line-break'> </span>Auburn, and reside near there.  That he shall attend at his office at all times, except on <span class='line-break'> </span>Mondays and Thursdays prior to 3 o'clock, P.M.; on which days he shall attend to the <span class='line-break'> </span>business of the Corporation in the city, and shall be at the office in Boston between <span class='line-break'> </span>the hours of 12, M. and 2, P.M.  He shall have a Time-Table, and shall enter therein daily <span class='line-break'> </span>in accordance with the report to be made to him by the Superintendent, the name of each <span class='line-break'> </span>laborer, the amount of labor performed, and the rate of wages; and at the end of each <span class='line-break'> </span>month make a pay-roll, and exhibit the same to the Committee on Finance, which shall <span class='line-break'> </span>contain the names of all the laborers employed during that month, the amount of labor <span class='line-break'> </span>performed by each, and wages paid therefor, duly recepted by said laborers.</p>
<p>He shall pay and receive, as Treasurer, and in the name of the Corporation, only such <span class='line-break'> </span>moneys as the Corporation shall be liable for, or may be due to it, and not receive and <span class='line-break'> </span>receipt for sums which may be due from proprietors to contractors, independent  of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Corporation - a practice having heretofore prevailed whereby the Superintendent has <span class='line-break'> </span>receipted bills in the name of the Corporation, when the transaction did not appear upon <span class='line-break'> </span>the books, causing a great liability to mistakes and rendering it impossible to have a correct <span class='line-break'> </span>examination of the accounts.  He shall collect and pay all bills, receive and disburse all <span class='line-break'> </span>moneys, and perform all duties usually pertaining to the office of Treasurer, as well as <span class='line-break'> </span>all others which it may be found expedient hereafter to assign to him.  He shall give <span class='line-break'> </span>bonds with surety satisfactory to the Board of Trustees, in the sum of five thousand dollars. <span class='line-break'> </span>He shall keep all moneys belonging to the Corporation deposited in such bank as the <span class='line-break'> </span>Committee on Finance shall designate, to his credit as Treasurer of Mount Auburn <span class='line-break'> </span>Cemetery.  His compensation shall be a salary of $1,200 per annum, and it shall be <span class='line-break'> </span>distinctly understood, that his whole time shall be given to the work and interested of <span class='line-break'> </span>Mount Auburn.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1790056">
<h3><a name="page-1790056">1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p3_2021_004_033</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Third.  There shall be a Gate-Keeper, whose duty shall be to attend the gate and <span class='line-break'> </span>perform such other services as he can without interference with that work; and in the <span class='line-break'> </span>necessary absenc of the Treasurer, he shall receive such burial fees as may be paid, and <span class='line-break'> </span>hand the same immediately to the Treasurer on his return.</p>
<p>His compensaton shall be one dollar per day for every day employed.</p>
<p>The Committee deem it of the utmost importance that, so far as is possible, all work <span class='line-break'> </span>performed in the Cemetery shouldbe udner the supervision and control of the Trustee's  <span class='line-break'> </span>through the Superintendent.  They would therefore recommend that the Superintendent be <span class='line-break'> </span>instructed to adopt as low a tariff of charges as possible without loss to the Corporation; and <span class='line-break'> </span>that a circular be printed and sent to the proprietors recommending them to employ the Super<span class='line-break'></span>intendent, and also informing them that no one will be permitted to perform any work on <span class='line-break'> </span>any of the lots, without the written authority of the proprietor; and that all work done by <span class='line-break'> </span>parties outside must be done under the rules of the Corporation, and in strict compliance<span class='line-break'> </span>therewith; and, for any injury done to the grounds in the performance of the same, other <span class='line-break'> </span>than the necessary wear and tear, the proprietor in whose employ the work is done shall be <span class='line-break'> </span>held accountable; and that instructions be given to the Superintendent to strictly enforce<span class='line-break'> </span>these rules.</p>
<p>It is the opinion of the Committee, if the charges made by the Corporation are <span class='line-break'> </span>as low as or lower than the work can be done for by outside parties, that a large propor<span class='line-break'></span>tion of the proprietors would adopt the suggeston of the Trustees, and employ the Super<span class='line-break'></span>intendent; and as Mr. Spooner, the Gardener, has resigned his position, and as that officer, <span class='line-break'> </span>although appointed by the Trustees, is merely a nominal employee of the Corporation,<span class='line-break'> </span>and not accountable to the Trustees except for any violation of the rules of the Cemetery,<span class='line-break'> </span>they would suggest, for the consideration of the Board, the expedience of abolishing that <span class='line-break'> </span>office.<span class='line-break'> </span></p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1790057">
<h3><a name="page-1790057">1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p4_2021_004_033</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>It being necessary that a suitable room be provided for the transaction of the business<span class='line-break'> </span>of the office, where the books and accounts can be properly kept, and there being no room <span class='line-break'> </span>now of sufficient capacity, and as there is no room for the accommodation of ladies <span class='line-break'> </span>and children, in the grounds, the Committee recommend that the following arrangement be <span class='line-break'> </span>made, viz: -</p>
<p>That a room be finished betweedn the principal gate and the office now used by the <span class='line-break'> </span>Gate-Keeper, which, in connection with the present office, shall be used as the office of the <span class='line-break'> </span>Treasurer, and that a similar room be made on the right of the gate for the accommodation <span class='line-break'> </span>of visitors - and that water-closets be placed in the smaller apartment for the accommoda<span class='line-break'></span>tion of ladies and children.</p>
<p>As the Board has alread voted to roof these spaces, and finish them with columns in <span class='line-break'> </span>front, the arrangement now proposed could be made at very trifing additional cost, while<span class='line-break'> </span>at the same time, the symmetry of the gate is preserved, and all the rooms needed are <span class='line-break'> </span>secured.</p>
<p>All of which is respectfully submitted</p>
<p>CHAS. G. NAZRO,<span class='line-break'> </span>URIEL CROCKER,<span class='line-break'> </span>E. S. TOBEY,<span class='line-break'> </span>CHARLES C. LITTLE,</p>
<p>Committee</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1790058">
<h3><a name="page-1790058">1861-06-05_PrintedReport-ConductingAffairsatCem-p5_2021_004_033</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Printed - <span class='line-break'> </span>Report of the Com<sup>ee</sup><span class='line-break'> </span>appointed, among other things, to<span class='line-break'> </span>suggest mode of conducting<span class='line-break'> </span>afairs at the Cemetery</p>
<p>June 5, 1861</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
