---
title: 1866-04 Special Committee on Salaries, Letter from Coolidge to Trustees, 2021.004.073
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.073
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: 1866-04_LetterCoolidge_2021_004_073

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1775990">
<h3><a name="page-1775990">1866-04_LetterCoolidge-p1_2021_004_073</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>To the Trustees of the Cemetery of Mount Auburn.</p>
<p>Gentlemen,</p>
<p>The objections which I have to the report of<span class='line-break'> </span>the Com<sup><u>ee</u></sup> on Salaries proposed last month, so far as it<span class='line-break'> </span>relates to myself, are as follows: --</p>
<p>1<sup>st</sup> It requires what amounts to the whole time<span class='line-break'> </span>of an experienced man to perform properly the varied<span class='line-break'> </span>and exhaustive duties of Secretary.</p>
<p>2<sup>d</sup> I have been Secretary Eleven years, and have done much to<span class='line-break'> </span>systematize the affairs of the Corporation. There was, when I began,<span class='line-break'> </span>vast indefinitelys and but little method in my department.<span class='line-break'> </span>Notwithstanding this, much remains to be done for the better reg<span class='line-break'></span>ulation of matters connected with the office. With all the<span class='line-break'> </span>method I have been able to attain to, I am consistently pressed<span class='line-break'> </span>for time, and have so little occasion for idleness, that much<span class='line-break'> </span>work has to [lie?] over.</p>
<p>3<sup>d</sup> The Corporation paid last year a salary of <sup>$</sup>800 and<span class='line-break'> </span>an Extra Compensation of <sup>$</sup>200, making <sup>$</sup>1000. This was all it cost<span class='line-break'> </span><u>the Corporation</u> for me. The <sup>$</sup>165.43 paid for rent &amp; taxes, as will<span class='line-break'> </span>be perceived, was not for <u>my</u> benefit. That was a contract,<span class='line-break'> </span>which gave the Trustees a room large enough to meet in,</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1775991">
<h3><a name="page-1775991">1866-04_LetterCoolidge-p2_2021_004_073</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>and for the general business of the Corporation, by paying<span class='line-break'> </span>one half of the rent &amp; taxes, while even less than one half of the<span class='line-break'> </span>room would have been ample for my purposes, and more than<span class='line-break'> </span>most lawyers occupy.</p>
<p>The fees for deeds &amp;c. come out of proprietors. Now by the<span class='line-break'> </span>proposition, the fees are to be taken from me and to enure to the<span class='line-break'> </span>Corporation. What is the result? Deduct from the <sup>$</sup>1200 salary<span class='line-break'> </span>proposed the <sup>$</sup>450 [<u>odd</u>?], which is slated to be received by me in fees<span class='line-break'> </span>&amp; for services rendered proprietors, and it costs the Corporation but<span class='line-break'> </span><sup>$</sup>750 for my salary, by which the cost of the Secretary to the Cor<span class='line-break'></span>poration is reduced by <sup>$</sup>250, and he is Expected<sup>to perform</sup>the same<span class='line-break'> </span>labor for <sup>$</sup>250 less than before.</p>
<p>4<sup>th</sup> The Committee stated in connection with the<span class='line-break'> </span>report that the cost of living is not diminished, which<span class='line-break'> </span>is true. It then results, that while the labor of my office<span class='line-break'> </span>is constantly increasing as the Cemetery grows larger<span class='line-break'> </span>and older, it is proposed to cut down the salary.</p>
<p>5<sup>th</sup> The fees for making and recording deeds and<span class='line-break'> </span>other instruments have heretofore been required by the Trustees<span class='line-break'> </span>of proprietors, as a means in part of paying the Secretary, and<span class='line-break'> </span>have been considered only as commensurate with the labor<span class='line-break'> </span>demanded of him. If it is now proposed, as "preferable to the<span class='line-break'> </span>former system" to make these fees enure to the Corporation,</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1775992">
<h3><a name="page-1775992">1866-04_LetterCoolidge-p3_2021_004_073</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p><sup>should this be done</sup> without giving the Secretary an <u>equivalent</u> in salary?</p>
<p>6<sup>th</sup> My long connection with the office has prevented me from<span class='line-break'> </span>engaging much in the business of my profession, my income<span class='line-break'> </span>from which is consequently small. My whole income from my<span class='line-break'> </span>labor is barely sufficient to Enable me to live with economy.</p>
<p>7<sup>th</sup> The Experience &amp; Services of a lawyer are constantly in re<span class='line-break'></span>quisition to perform with proper skill the duties of Secretary.<span class='line-break'> </span>These cannot fairly be estimated upon the basis of an<span class='line-break'> </span>ordinary clerk.</p>
<p>I cannot think that the Trustees would be willing,<span class='line-break'> </span>could they know they amount of time, labor &amp; skill which I am<span class='line-break'> </span>compelled to bring to this work, (if they are satisfied with my<span class='line-break'> </span>services in other respects) to deprive me of that proper stim<span class='line-break'></span>ulus to fidelity and watchfulness -- a sufficient compensation.<span class='line-break'> </span>The Charter requires them to Expend the money at their disposal<span class='line-break'> </span>to the preservation, improvement, embellishment and enlargement<span class='line-break'> </span>of the Cemetery. I feel confident that the Secretary is instru<span class='line-break'></span>mental in inducing the Expenditure by individual proprietors<span class='line-break'> </span>in such preservation, improvement &amp; embellishment, and<span class='line-break'> </span>not at the Expense of the Corporation, many times the whole<span class='line-break'> </span>amount of his salary.</p>
<p>I have given eleven of the best years</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1775993">
<h3><a name="page-1775993">1866-04_LetterCoolidge-p4_2021_004_073</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>of my life to your Service: and although still<span class='line-break'> </span>in my strength, I ought to Endeavor to save some<span class='line-break'></span>thing for the time when I cannot labor, upon<span class='line-break'> </span>which duty I have not yet been able <span class='line-break'> </span>to begin.</p>
<p>Very Resp.y</p>
<p>A.J. Coolidge</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
