---
title: 1840-60 Trustee Committee on Gatekeeper, Memorandum on Gatekeeper Duties, 2021.004.031
layout: work
metadata:
- label: Identifier
  value: 2021.004.031
- label: Uploaded Filename
  value: MemorandumGatekeeperDuties-p1_2021_004_031

---
<div class="pages">
<div id="page-1773727">
<h3><a name="page-1773727">MemorandumGatekeeperDuties-p1_2021_004_031</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>Memorandum of duties of the Gate Keeper [&amp;c?]</p>
<p>The Gate Keeper attends the Gate from Sunrise to Sunset and to<span class='line-break'> </span>all duties as required by the present or any future regulations.</p>
<p>Record all orders for interment, date and hour<span class='line-break'> </span>of the Funeral, where from, and Section of interment.</p>
<p>Receive permits for Funerals, keep the record<span class='line-break'> </span>in Monthly files, and in the Books at the Gate.</p>
<p>He shall keep the accounts of the expenses of<span class='line-break'> </span>interments, and make out the bills.</p>
<p>Keep the time roll of the men employed and<span class='line-break'> </span>all accounts appertaining thereto.</p>
<p>He shall keep the Books, make out the bills and do<span class='line-break'> </span>all the writing required in the Cemetery.</p>
<p>Keep a Catalogue at the Lodge and furnish to<span class='line-break'> </span>visitors all required information, when it shall not interfere<span class='line-break'> </span>with his other duties.</p>
<p>He shall see that Central Avenue as far as<span class='line-break'> </span>Indian Ridge Path, and a distance East, and West, as may<span class='line-break'> </span>be designated, including the Well House and all other sections<span class='line-break'> </span>which may be made thereon, the Gateway, inside and outside, to<span class='line-break'> </span>be kept clean and in good order. <u>All under the inspection, and<span class='line-break'> </span>direction of the superintendent</u>.</p>
<p>The Superintendent proposes to divide the<span class='line-break'> </span>Cemetery into Sections having a Gang of Men in each<span class='line-break'> </span>Section, under charge of a suitable overseer.</p>
<p>The Overseer of each section to report the</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
<div id="page-1773728">
<h3><a name="page-1773728">MemorandumGatekeeperDuties-p2_2021_004_031</a></h3>
<div class="page-content">
<p>time to the Gate Keeper of all his men, to be recorded daily<span class='line-break'> </span>in a time Book. Overseers of each Section to be always on<span class='line-break'> </span>hand, Sundays and week days, to attend to interments and<span class='line-break'> </span>other duties.</p>
<p>The duties of the Gate Keeper being thus<span class='line-break'> </span>designated, but all to be under the <u>inspection</u>and <u>direction</u><span class='line-break'> </span>of the <u>Superintendent</u>, who will examine the time roll<span class='line-break'> </span>and the bills <u>and accounts of the Gate Keeper</u> and give<span class='line-break'> </span>such further directions as he may think proper.</p>
<p>If it is decided to give the additional duties<span class='line-break'> </span>herein specified, to the Gate Keeper, the Committee recommend<span class='line-break'> </span>that his pay for 650 dollars per annum, in which case he<span class='line-break'> </span>is to give up his present situation as Sexton and give<span class='line-break'> </span>his <u>whole</u> <u>time</u> and attention to the duties at the Gate,<span class='line-break'> </span>except on the Sabbath A.M. at which time he is to<span class='line-break'> </span>furnish a suitable person at his own expense, approved<span class='line-break'> </span>by the Superintendent, to take his place, but it shall<span class='line-break'> </span>be his <u>duty</u> to attend the Gate on <u>Sabbath</u> <u>afternoons</u> &amp;<span class='line-break'> </span>on all other days of the week.</p>
</div>
</div>
<br />
</div>
